Document external applications for Fly.io (#4396)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/guides/deployment/fly_io.rst

          CPU Cores: 1
             Memory: 1 GB

> Proxying connections

Reviewer: I would make this a subsection of "Connecting to the instance" and name it "From external application"

          CPU Cores: 1
             Memory: 1 GB

Proxying connections
====================

For already deployed instances, you will need to modify the config of your
Fly.io app to work with EdgeDB on a different port.

Let's save a new config in an empty directory with the ``EDB_APP`` local
environment variable we made:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ flyctl config save -a $EDB_APP

A ``fly.toml`` file will be created upon result. Let's make sure our
``[[services]]`` section looks something like this:

.. code-block:: toml

    [[services]]
        http_checks = []
        internal_port = 8080
        processes = ["app"]
        protocol = "tcp"
        script_checks = []
        [services.concurrency]
            hard_limit = 25
            soft_limit = 20
            type = "connections"

        [[services.ports]]
            port = 5656

        [[services.tcp_checks]]
            grace_period = "1s"
            interval = "15s"
            restart_limit = 0
            timeout = "2s"

> In the same directory, we'll now `deploy our app <#start-edgedb>`_.
> 
> Keep in mind that your public DSN should point to the port used in
> ``[[services.ports]]``. This will look like
> ``edgedb://edgedb:$PASSWORD@$EDB_APP.fly.dev:5656`` in our example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the same directory, we'll now `deploy our app <#start-edgedb>`_.
This makes the EdgeDB port available to the outside world.  You can
now access the instance from any host via the following public DSN: ``edgedb://edgedb:$PASSWORD@$EDB_APP.fly.dev``.
```

> Finally, you will need to expose the TLS certificate so it may be used
> on other services. For platforms such as Netlify, you may specify this as
> a ``EDGEDB_TLS_CA`` secret. We can securely access our certificate through
> SSH:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To secure communication between the server and the client, you will also 
need to set the ``EDGEDB_TLS_CA`` environment secret in your application.
You can securely obtain the certificate content by running: 
```

``fly.toml`` file, but using Fly's built-in `secrets
<https://fly.io/docs/reference/secrets/>`_ functionality is recommended.

From external application
-------------------------

> For already deployed instances, you will need to modify the config of your
> Fly.io app to work with EdgeDB on a different port.
> 
> Let's save a new config in an empty directory with the ``EDB_APP`` local
> environment variable we made:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to access EdgeDB from outside the Fly.io network, you'll need to
configure the Fly.io proxy to let external connections in.

First, save the EdgeDB app config in an **empty directory**:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    $ flyctl config save -a $EDB_APP

A ``fly.toml`` file will be created upon result. Let's make sure our
``[[services]]`` section looks something like this:

.. code-block:: toml

    [[services]]
        http_checks = []
        internal_port = 8080
        processes = ["app"]
        protocol = "tcp"
        script_checks = []
        [services.concurrency]
            hard_limit = 25
            soft_limit = 20
            type = "connections"

        [[services.ports]]
            port = 5656

        [[services.tcp_checks]]
            grace_period = "1s"
            interval = "15s"
            restart_limit = 0
            timeout = "2s"

> In the same directory, we'll now `deploy our app <#start-edgedb>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the same directory, `redeploy the EdgeDB app <#start-edgedb>`_.
```
